welcome back once again to how to cook
great food calm if you haven't already
please subscribe to our Channel
ok some falafel on the menu today these
are absolutely wonderful I'm really
pleased with how these have come out
they're really nice and light and fluffy
that's the delicious let's go and do it
okay so let's get started on this
version of a falafel hope you said that
there are many many different ways of
making it lots of you put different bits
and pieces in this is our version I've
got some garlic there for the amount of
somebody's about 400 grams 500 grams of
cooked chickpeas but I've got about 2 or
3 cloves in there but just it how you
want I'm putting in some red onion some
people use white I'm using the red and
then here I've got a whole load of this
is a mix actually this is coriander and
parsley you can put one in or you can do
I've done a put both in I'm then going
to add just a little splash of olive oil
to help it's on its way
we're going to blend this together then
I'll be back okay so as you can see
that's been mixed nicely I'm now going
to go in with my chickpeas which is
nicely cooked
grab some salt
some black pepper cumin powder for this
amount I've got like two two teaspoons
and two teaspoons of coriander powder
and then I'm going to add some chili you
could have a fresh chili if you want I'm
adding a chili powder which should be
powder and then it'll be fairly hot
these ones that's about a teaspoon and
then they get an optional throwning some
sesame seeds now we need to add just a
little bit of baking powder and just
sort of help them on their way when
they're cooking some people put flour in
now I'm not using flour today
some people use baking soda entirely up
to you I'm going to add a little more
splash of oil again a lot of people
don't put in the oil and they might have
a little water we don't want it to be
too wet I mean we're not making vomited
because we're going to make these into
shapes and then fry them off once again
whizz it up see in a moment
so you can see now I've got this kind of
consistency a little bit wet we've
certainly go on it any wetter than this
but it's drying up to us the mold into
the shapes we won so that I'm really
happy with that now of course then if
you're watching the add more chili got
more cumin add more just get it how you
want it it's it there's no real big rule
here cumin coriander pretty important in
this fastly pretty important but just
play around give it just just how you
want it but this is not there's no rule
but let's go and get this into some
shapes and then we're start cooking them
okay so as you can see where I've done
the up to small do these into some
different shapes these are the kind of
small balls nice for snacks these are
more your pate for your burger they go
nice inside you know your pizza bread or
your covers with your salad if you're
going to eat them like that and that's
just a variant little sausage type thing
more than how you exactly how you want
the next thing to do is get some nice
hot oil I'm going to deep-fry mine
slightly unhealthy but that's how it's
done traditionally you can bake these
now if you want you can put that
straight in the oven on it it's on a
metal dish and they will cook or you can
sort your shallow fry them I'm going for
the deep fried sorry about that let's go
and do that okay so I put my oily I'm
using a sunflower oil things anywhere
you like as you can see I've just
dropped a little bit in so see if the
oil was right I think it is now the
tricky part this is a fairly delicate
we're gonna drop them in
now you don't want your oil to be raging
raging hot it's not just really burn
really quickly so I've got a medium
medium bottle there as you can see then
they go and these are just going to take
about two or three minutes there's no
need to touch them at this stage let
them just do their thing let's get this
other one in there just make sure
they're not touching each other now
because they might stick a little bit
little shake and yeah I'll be back in a
couple of minutes okay these look about
ready I'm going to fish them out and I'm
putting them on some kitchen towel yeah
beautiful color I want to put some more
than that
yeah quite happy with these so let me
just cook those other two I've got two
guards once I showed you earlier kind of
further looking one and then these I
mean yeah lovely lovely color he's going
to be ready to eat see you the moment
okay so there we go as you can see then
nothing crispy I've got one here that
was broken open nice and moist and
beautiful inside we play the perfect for
me I'm serving this with some bread and
some tying that or tying me which is a
sesame seed paste hope you enjoy these
they're really to make like I say you
can bake them you can shallow fry them
or do I done deep-fry them see you again
soon bye
I forgot to mention that and I just made
this small amount but the amount that we
made in the mixer it's enough to make
make another 20 more of these fellows
just place you there I'm going to find
out later see